fix(api): Parse all RTP fields strictly to fix flakiness (#15187) (#15536)
OpenTrons/opentrons-api: api/release-notes.md

This release adds support for the [Opentrons Flex HEPA/UV Module](https://opentrons.com/products/opentrons-flex-hepa-uv-module).

### Bug Fixes

> - Fixed certain string runtime parameter values being interpreted as Boolean values.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed certain string runtime parameter values being misinterpreted as an incorrect type.
```
..because even a "10" would get interpreted as a numerical 10.
